Coding project

The goal of this round is to develop a small app in which users can ask for IT support from technicians.

There is no time limit. Take the time you need and once you're ready, tell us :) You will find below a list of features for the app. Develop as many as you want (no need to develop everything). And you should develop the app your way, meaning :

by seriously developing the parts that show your skills
by mocking the other parts
For example, if you want to focus on the front-end then develop the front and mock the back. Or the other way around if you want to show your back-end skills. You can also develop seriously only one part of the front and one part of the back if you want to show your full-stack skills.

Features :

the app should manage 2 types of users : normal users who need IT help and technicians who offer support
users and technicians can chat together in conversations composed by 1 user and 1 technician
technicians can open a support ticket for any given message in the past. This message is the starting message of the ticket.
technicians can close an open ticket by choosing any message in the conversation. This message will be the closing message of the ticket.
tickets have the following fields :
creation date (automatically populated with the date of the starting message)
closing date (automatically populated with the date of the closing message)
a topic (free text that the technicians can set when he/she opens a ticket)
messages (automatically populated, all the messages between the starting message and the closing message)
status : open / closed (automatically populated)
user : the name of the user (automatically populated)
technician : the name of the technician dealing with the ticket (automatically populated)
technicians can merge 2 tickets if they belong to the same topic and correspond to the same user
a survey is automatically sent to the user once a ticket is closed to get the satisfaction of the user
any feature that will make the app smarter from your point of view
Allowed languages

HTML, CSS, Javascript, Typescript
Python, Go
SQL